Project Diary

Tuesday (11-24-20) and Wednesday (11-25-20):
I was writing plans on how I wanted the website layout to be. I also wrote a plan on in what order I wanted to tackle
things. I reread the instructions on the database writeup and then also read some parts of the textbook to make
reinforce or correct my thoughts about any terminology and processes. Overall, these were just planning days to have
solid plans for what I needed/wanted to accomplish.

Friday (11-27-20) and Saturday (11-28-20):
I started to work on the database write up and also the SQL fixed queries. I knew some of the things may need
tweaking and correcting but I was confident in being able to come up with the basis for these queries. 

Sunday 11-29-20:
I got the folder ready for work and submission by renaming and adding the beginning files. I did some testing in the
w3schools tryit for some basic things to get the foundation for the website. This included the buttons, design, and
layout I was interested in pursuing.

Monday 11-30-20:
This has been a day of setting up the php files and css design the way I've been planning. I don't have all of it, but
I've been able to get the design down so that won't be a hinderance later. I had today planned as the day of setup so
I'm satisfied with my progress. I'll probably do a little more tinkering to it, but later tonight and tomorrow will
probably be about finishing up the database writeup and then completing the SQL files.

Tuesday 12-1-20:
I unfortunately haven't been able to get as much progress done today as much as I wanted to due to family things that
came up. Today's plan was working on the database writeup and getting those tables finished. I've also been reading the
textbook along with that. My plan for tomorrow is to finish up with what I leave tonight when I'm done and bring
everything over to DatabaseWriteup.txt. I also updated the README.txt, which I'll keep updating while I keep adding
things. I'm disappointed I wasn't able to get as much done today as I wanted, these smaller things will help keep
things in line for me and save time later.

Wednesday 12-2-20:
Today I've mainly working on the database writeup and started getting the sql files ready for the tables. I had my own
concepts I was doing just to have a placeholder until everything is confirmed. I've also been chapter 12 of the book to
make sure I'm confident in my working on the normal forms. I also found some good videos to see some visuals. I wish I
had more done by now, but I've been putting forward a lot of time and the extra research will help. Tomorrow I think
will be the end of the database writeup and I can get started on the tables and the true website workload. I hope the
database writeup layout and progress is on track for what is needed. I also remembered that I failed to do any comments
for what code I have so I made note of that to make sure it won't be forgotten.

Thursday 12-3-20:
I feel good about the progress I have done today as I feel like I'm on track for what I need. I think I've done things correctly
and that I'm on a good path for tomorrow. While I wanted more progress overall, I think I'm on a good track as I was most concerned
about the database writeup. It has definitely taken more time than I was planning and hoping, but it's too critical.It's what
everything is based on and I want to make sure I'm thorough.

Friday 12-4-20:
I've been working on the Database writeup and feel like it is almost finished. I think where I'm having trouble is a couple
of the attributes. Obviously, some of my trouble has come from OMajor and OAdvisor, but also SOC_ORG has had me a little stumped.
OMajor and OAdvisor I get don't depend on Year and Semester, but I'm having trouble since also this morning I looked more into
after the email and saw how it doesn't depend on only Student_id. SOC_ORG has also been one, since it doesn't depend specifically on anything.
I worked on the creating and populating sql files since I've been able to get most of the ones that I've established done. I'm going to continue working tonight
and try to have the Database writeup finished and get the create, populate, and verify sql files done.

Saturday 12-5-20:
I have for the most part finished the writeup, but I still want to go back and make sure I didn't miss anything or fix errors. I started working on the
website side. I have written the files to connect the database, create and populate the tables, and drop the tables. I did testing today about the tables, making sure
the connection was successful. I'm going to continue working tonight to get at least the register, login, and fixed queries pages done. I would like to get more done,
but I have a lot left and it's going to take a lot of work and focused effort to get it done.

Sunday 12-6-20:
